well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so this video is a little
different this part of it is just just
to let you know after the normal
sign-off stick around there's some
important information about the video
that you're about to watch after it well
I had either internet people is Bo again
we got us a hot topic today
constitutional amendment banning flag
burning it's a good way to drum up the
base I guess but it seems hard to me
what does this symbolize it's a simple
what's it symbolize well the land of the
free and the home of the brave of course
the land of the free with the highest
incarceration rate in the world and the
home of the brave who is so terrified of
the other they want to cower behind a
wall not buying it try again well it
symbolizes our country ok that's a good
round of the nationalist route bring up
you know the founding fathers and all
that the problem is when the founding
fathers spoke of country they weren't
talking about the United States and I
don't mean that in some linguistic quirk
I mean it didn't exist yet when they
said country when they spoke of country
they meant the country their countryside
their neighbors the people who are so
often forgotten in conversations like
this that's who they were talking about
they didn't speak that way very often
either you know they they're pretty
bright guys they understood that when
you're trying to get a whole bunch of
people to commit treason it's not a good
idea to talk like a nationalist they
spoke of ideas they spoke of freedom and
liberty that's what they talked about
that's what stirred people to action
they made promises to the future
and created the machinery for change
well it symbolizes those promises that
it should I will give you that it
certainly should but does it do we as a
society move forward in hopes of
fulfilling those promises do we try to
make sure that while there is the
ability to pursue happiness that all men
are created equal that there's a liberty
and justice for all
or do we do everything we can to make
sure that the other is painted as well
less than equal do we turn a blind eye
to grave and justices and trying to
justify them in some manner it's
horrible what's happening to those kids
but you know they just should have done
whatever the people who want this
criminalized they're not doing anything
to fulfill those promises so I can't
believe that that's what it symbolizes
to them it symbolizes those who fought
and died for our freedom maybe at one
time maybe at one time today how do our
freedom get in Iraq Afghanistan Libya
Mali Sudan Panama Grenada how'd our
freedom get there as is evidenced by
this the only people who can take away
your freedom it's your government that's
who can take away your freedom unless
we're talking about an invasion and we
haven't been at risk of an invasion in
this country in a very very long time
we'll find they weren't you know
fighting for freedom exactly but they
were protecting the American Way of life
yes
yes they were and that's what this
symbolizes today
it symbolizes the American Way of life
absolutely it does now let's say you had
a problem with an aspect of the American
Way of life and you wanted to express
your displeasure how would you do it
what would be a good symbol to use not
violently not hurting anybody and that's
that's the ultimate ha in this it's the
ultimate punch line those people who
would burn the American flag it has more
meaning to them than those who simply
slap a bumper sticker on their truck
they understood the promises they want
to improve the American Way of life and
this is a way to express their
displeasure they understand what it was
supposed to be and instead as our
understanding of these promises has been
whittled away those who consider
themselves Patriots they spit on those
ideas if seeing someone burn your symbol
of freedom causes you to decide that
they need to have their freedom taken
away well your symbol doesn't do any
good does it it doesn't remind you of
what it's supposed to and that's the
whole job of assemble our country if you
want to be a patriot today you have to
be working for equal rights to make sure
that all men are created equal you have
to be looking out for the downtrodden
you have to be hoping to help the
huddled masses yearning to breathe free
all of those things that make up the
American dream and are supposed to make
up the American character you have to do
that if you want to be a patriot
otherwise they're just tag lines beneath
the logo no more sacred than the logo of
GE or McDonald's if you don't act on
those promises this means nothing it
means nothing you have to act on those
promises
and the main idea of it was to make sure
that we're all men could stand under
this one day as equals that's what
that's that was the idea but today it's
a logo just like all the other logos it
doesn't really mean much at all I can't
fault somebody for burning a logo at
least to them it means something
at the end of the day if you're not
fighting to keep those promises how can
you really care about the symbol of
those promises
you've got these people up in DC who
want to criminalize this and rewrite the
Constitution so they can do it because
you know they're interested in keeping
the promises and the thing is they're
spinning on the very ideas that are
supposed to be America and what's worse
is that they know a large portion of
this country who consider themselves
Patriots they lost the plot to they're
just using this to play to the base to
play to people who think they're
Patriots that's what they're doing
because they know this isn't gonna go
anywhere it's got to get through the
House the Senate and be ratified by the
states it suggests a drum up support
from the people they know don't
understand this country and what it was
supposed to be
there were points in time where we
worked as a society to make sure people
could stand under this as equals the
problem is those points those high
points in the American experience
they're growing fewer and further apart
meanwhile there there's more flags than
ever the person burning this flag they
didn't disgrace it they didn't desecrate
it you did when you failed to keep the
promises when you forgot what it was
supposed to be when you turned your back
on the very ideas that this country was
founded on and it's happening all over
the country and it's being cheered on by
the same people who want to change the
constitution to protect a cloth a logo
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night okay so if that video seemed
really familiar to you
it's because it was originally uploaded
on June 17th 2019 almost one year ago to
the day why because every year at this
time the powers that be talk about this
it's not that they actually want to do
it it's that they want to fire up their
base right before July 4th so it they're
getting a head start on being able to
downplay any protests that occurs on
July 4th last night by the time you'll
watch this the president tweeted out it
is a shame just whatever that Congress
doesn't do something about the lowlifes
that burned the American flag it should
be stopped and now but they were talking
about last year and didn't do anything
about it because they know they can't
because they know in order to do it they
would have to alter the First Amendment
this is political theater designed to
appeal to the bumper sticker Patriots of
the country those people who love the
symbol more than what this symbol is
supposed to represent with everything
going on in the country right now the
President of the United States has
chosen to talk about this rather than
climbing numbers rather than cities
burning rather than drastic reform
that's desperately needed rather than
the fact that the symbol the logo the
American flag doesn't mean as much
anymore because of people like him
because of people who appeal to this
shallow sense of patriotism because of
those people who look at that symbol and
say my country right or wrong not let's
make my country
right anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night